- Hey everyone. Welcome to fourth douglas.
- And fourth hamilton at Bursley.
- Don't worry, I'm not going to make any bad covid jokes
- At least until we meet in our welcome meetings, uh.
- So get ready for those.
- My name is Kartik,  uh, and I am your RA here
- at 4217 Douglas.
- So for you Hamilton kids it's down the hall
- I guess across the hall for you guys
- Don't worry, we'll be sharing a lot of tips and resources
- and contact info and also some boring stuff when
- we have our welcome meetings
- I hope you guys have a smooth move in
- Over the next coming week.
- I will most likely be running into you guys
- very soon
-  as you guys move in.
- and of course we'll be meeting very soon after
- at the welcome meetings on Zoom as well.
- I wish it were in person but
- I guess the situation is what it is.
- And we're going to have to make the best of it.